This is a stolen song from an acoustic concert by Eric Johnson in Germany a couple of years
ago.
I'm just using a different set of music to start the show today.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga Ohm Biological, a high-resistance low-noise information
brief brought to you by a biologist.
This illusion that we are trapped in is only sustained through your active participation,
and my guest this afternoon is someone who knows this truth all too well, and so it's
a real privilege for me.
I don't interview very many people on Giga Ohm Biological, usually I'm just ranting
into the wind, and today I have the privilege of being able to sit back and listen to somebody
who's a further down this road than most of us are and has more skin in the game than
most of us have.
I know that everybody is very familiar with this little logo here, human just like you.
Hello, my name is Jonathan Cooey, welcome to the show.
This is Giga Ohm Biological.
I am interviewing the father of a girl by the name of Grace.
Scott actually interviewed me last week, and it was a really insightful interview.
I'll show a link up later on.
Scott is now on the screen.
Thank you very much for joining me, Scott.
It's a real privilege for me to host you and try to get your message and your voice out
a little farther.
I apologize for my sort of awkward handling of the music there.
If you would, I think it's easier for you, you're probably more rehearsed in it than
I am.
Introduce yourself and then I'll kind of cue off where if people aren't familiar with
your work, just assume that because I think I tweeted out last week's podcast after you
sent it to me on Saturday, but other than that, I've only heard a few hundred comments
about it.
I do hear that people have seen it, but I still need to push it a little further and
I was going to push it after this show as well.
So go ahead, please, Scott.
Well, sounds good.
I'm a nobody.
I'm just a dad.
I call myself Grace's dad because of that.
And what happened is through Grace's murder, ultimately I woke up and we're going to spend
a lot of time talking about that today because Jonathan says I'm ahead of him.
I don't know.
I don't know very many people who are ahead of him, but I have connected some dots that
I'm shocked and the doors that God has opened up to do that, but it all started with my
best buddy, Grace.
Grace had Down syndrome and she was a complete gift from God.
Anybody who knows somebody would Down syndrome knows that.
Most people think that Down syndrome people, they are very slow and whatever your perception
is.
In fact, we had people write to us after Grace died and said, well, now that she's in heaven,
she doesn't have Down syndrome, which they don't get it.
I personally think everybody in heaven has Down syndrome.
Don't rake to me saying I don't get that.
I don't know what heaven is like.
I just know that Grace is there and I know that she's lifting the spirits of everybody
that is there, which is wonderful.
Can you expand on that a little bit more without causing too much pain?
What about her?
So you say that as if people think that they're not real people and I know that that's not
true.
Grace is a, sorry, I say was, he was because he's retired, a special ed teacher and so
I grew up knowing a lot of the spectrum of cognitive abilities that are there and can
be there and it's extraordinary how vehemently my father would argue that all of those kids
are there.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I can go into it.
I'd love to do that.
That was my favorite part of any show.
So Grace, first of all, she had a love that you can't get.
You can't get because we become very judgmental the older we get and she did not have that.
She approached every single person as a gift and so she just loved everybody.
So that was pretty neat.
As you look at the details, one of the things that happened to Cindy, my wife's name is
Cindy and I, is that God blinded us to her disability.
So we just did everything with her as if the sky was the limit and so I taught her how
to drive.
She deer hunted with me.
She played violin at our daughter Jessica's wedding.
She rode a horse, she could public speak and she was a great joke teller but I want to show
you something.
I had this for my own podcast this morning.
I shared this.
I keep this in my wallet and it will kind of give you a sense of Grace.
So you'll be able to see this when I hope, when I hold it up.
So you see what it says is, so this is just a little card, you know, when she gave me
my Christmas gift and this was just a tad.
So it says to earthly dad.
So she called the earthly dad from Grace Emily and you see, you know, how creative she is
with her signature and then, you know, the hearts and that's just who she was.
And she did elaborate cards that were just, they were all masterpieces was really, really
something.
And then, you know, on top of her love, she had a sense of humor.
I taught her my dry, literal sense of humor and I'll just, you know, I'll give credit
to my son.
My son Travis is the one who got me into this when he was really little.
You know, he would, he would look at things literally and so this literal sense of humor
became kind of our, our family mantra.
So he, he's when back when there was newspapers, you know, he, I was reading the newspaper
one morning and he wants me to do whatever and I said, Travis, I'll, I'll be there in
a minute.
And he said to me, Dad, how come when people say a minute, they really don't mean it.
I thought, Oh my gosh, I mean, this, in this started to become, we started looking for
this stuff and it's, it's a hoot when you start looking for literal things, like look
at expiration dates on, you know, the expiration date isn't just a date than most things.
It's an exact timestamp.
You know, so the cheese expires on March 13th at 2204, you know, it isn't at, you know,
it just didn't say, you know, so you start looking at these details, you think, Oh my
gosh, I had to just be inhaling that cheese a minute before, you know, because it's going
to expire at 2204.
It's over.
Right.
Anyway, so Grace, she picked up on this and it was just a blast.
So one time we're right in the truck and she says to me, she hears the pigly wiggly jingle.
Yeah.
And so most people are familiar with it, but you know, I'm not going to sing it because
I don't have that voice, but it's, you know, pig, pigly wiggly shop the pig.
So we're driving the truck.
She's a dad.
That doesn't make any sense.
I said, what do you mean, Grace?
She said, well, you can't shop a pig.
First you shoot the pig, then you eat the pig, but you don't shop a pig.
Yeah.
So anyway, yeah, she just, she was, she was special things, strange things happened.
You know, I never knew what was going to happen with her either, Jonathan.
So we had Grace, my wife went to, Oh gosh, I should tell this story.
So you're not, is this, is this show G rated or can we go a little bit out there?
Oh, you can go a little bit out there.
It's okay.
So this one I've never told.
Oh my gosh, I told this, uh, strangely I told that at her funeral, but as I'm going
to tell you, uh, so this is how Grace was.
So my wife had a hip replacement in September of 2016.
And we went to the doctor in January of 2017 for a checkup.
So all three of us are in the doctor's office.
You got to have a picture here now.
So the doctor, so I'm going to set up the room.
The doctor is in the front of the room.
And then to his right, there's a computer screen with the x-ray of my wife's hip.
So he's going to do an evaluation post hip replacement to show us what's going on.
Then on the, the wall, um, next to the screen, going down, you know, away from the doctor
is my wife is sitting, then Grace is sitting and I'm sitting.
So now we've got the, the screen with the, the hip picture on and Grace turns to me.
And she said, dad, don't be looking at the crotch area and the doctor, the doctor says
nice.
That.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, this is how she was.
I mean, she was so observant and I mean, why, of course that's what you're looking at is,
you know, you're going to look at a hip or a crotch, you know, what, what choice is it,
right?
Anyway, that was a rapid trail.
I wasn't planning on going down, but, you know, it's, uh, it's exactly what I was getting
at, I guess, is that it's, um, uh, you mentioned on when I, when I was on your podcast that,
that thousands of down syndrome babies are, are aborted every year now.
I, I guess I, somewhere in the back of my head, I knew that that would in theory be
an option if you had amniocentesis and you found that, that anomaly that you could make
that decision.
But I guess I had never looked into the numbers of, of children that are, it's just extraordinary
to me.
And I, I know I mentioned this on your podcast or if I didn't, but isn't there and you must
be aware of this.
There's a, a French leader from long ago who had a down syndrome daughter, um, who he
cherished his whole life, like, um, is it Francis De Gaulle?
I don't know.
This is news to me.
You have to look it up because he wrote poetry about her and stuff and, uh, spoke as highly
of her as you do of your daughter in the same, you know, almost a soul that was impossible
to, to, to, uh, distract, you know, uh, it's, it's, it's incredible.
Um, I find that testimony to be really important from the simple perspective that it is matched
by anyone else who's had the blessing of having someone like Grace in their life.
I mean, there's no other stories.
I don't, I don't know.
I, I, well, our whole life became, uh, Charles De Gaulle, after a while, which was pretty
neat.
I mean, um, you know, just share, I'll share this.
And I want to go to that statistic about down syndrome kids being murdered in the womb
because it really opens up, um, the, you know, this, this, Grace's murder, it started with
down syndrome.
And you know, as I see what's going on, you know, it's, it's way bigger than that.
But this idea of the amniocentesis I want to come back to.
But, you know, I just want to share this in, in just clothing up the, the background
of Grace is the first couple of years of her life.
Um, there's many times I, you know, you start processing as the dad, okay, she's never
going to get married.
She's never going to live alone, you know, all these negative things.
And I would get, you know, I'd cry because I thought she's never going to experience
the things that I've been able to experience.
And as, you know, Grace grew older and you realize what her abilities were versus her
disability, I changed my complete frame of reference and I thought, I wish I had down
syndrome.
Well, then I really should apologize for saying that to all the parents out there who I'm
sure go through something that I don't understand.
So that, that was a little naive of me to say.
So I appreciate you for that clearing that up.
Well, it's just, she was, she was a gift.
I mean, I, you know, I have lots of problems and they're, you know, they're self-inflicted
because, you know, we want to control everything and Grace was the opposite.
And that's why I thought, you know, I, after I realized what we had with her, you know,
I thought I wish I had down syndrome, you know, she, once she understood that she had
down syndrome, she saw herself as special.
And we, we saw her as special and she was special.
Anyway, this idea of the amniocentesis, what's going on is in the United States, 90% of
down syndrome babies are aborted right now.
And what I have discovered and what the idea of the amniocentesis led to is the business
of standards of care.
So we know with COVID, you know, you've become a COVID expert, I'm somewhat of a COVID expert,
and I'm below that, below you, but I've expanded way beyond COVID.
And it's because what, what COVID did was incentivize standards of care directly.
So direct payments, but this business of standards of care has been around for decades.
I've traced it back to the early 1980s when standards of care started to be written.
So standards of care, as it applies to down syndrome, for example, when a young couple
gets pregnant, they go into the doctor and the doctor says, congratulations, let's
schedule your amniocentesis.
And the young couple has no idea what that even is, but you know, they really just care.
They've been programmed to ask one question, which is, does my insurance cover it?
So their program to trust the white coat, does my insurance cover it?
Well, of course your insurance covers it.
So they go along with it.
Well, the insurance covers it.
There's a reason the insurance covers an amniocentesis is because the goal is to hasten
death and specifically the low hanging fruit is the elderly and the disabled.
So if they can prevent disabled people from entering the planet, that's considered good
in this collectivism environment that we're in.
So now the amniocentesis results come back.
The doctor says, we suspect your son has down syndrome.
I recommend an abortion.
And if the people don't have any roots, they just go along with the white coat because
that's the programming.
And so they look at it as they're doing a favor to society that we don't have this burden
on society.
And just to give you the numbers, Jonathan, we have 135 million Americans on Medicare
and Medicaid.
That number translates to 50% of the annual federal budget, $3 trillion a year.
And so if you've convinced the population of collectivism, so collectivism is the good
of the population versus the good of the individual, then when you start overlaying, oh my gosh,
they have been working on this for years, writing standards of care to hasten death because
people are too expensive.
So I've expanded it way beyond the elderly and the disabled to realize standards of
care are written on purpose to hasten our death.
And I'm going to give you a very specific example.
So people think, well, I'm not disabled.
I'm not elderly.
I'm good to go.
All right.
Well, let's just apply it to cancer.
I'm hosting a radio show on Friday, and I'm going to have an alternative cancer expert
on that radio show.
Anyway, the thing that I've seen and I see people that should know better, they have
something wrong with them, they get a biopsy and it comes back cancer.
All right.
They don't realize the doctor only has three tools in his tool chest that are paid through
standards of care.
He can either cut, radiate or chemo.
Those are the standards of care.
That's it.
So then the biopsy comes back, he has the meeting with the patient.
And then he says, well, you have cancer, I can schedule your chemo treatment for next
week.
And again, they're programmed, right?
So they're also programmed, cut radiation chemo.
They don't realize that there's other alternatives available.
So then they say the program question, does my insurance cover it?
Well, of course your insurance covers it.
Why?
Because the goal is to kill you.
We got to get that through people's head.
The goal is to kill us.
When you see that, all of a sudden, your eyes are opened up.
And the best thing people can do, I was on another radio show a couple of weeks ago,
when a person called in and said, well, what do I do?
And I said, the best thing you could do is get rid of your medical insurance.
Because that's part of the programming.
As soon as you have that burden released, now all of a sudden you start seeing the world
through a completely different lens.
I'm not letting the insurance company control my health.
I'm going to start looking.
Now I, OK, I've got cancer.
OK, first of all, is that a good or bad thing?
I mean, our body is designed to heal itself.
All right, so then, OK, is it out of control?
All right, well then, what are the alternatives?
What's available?
Well, you start looking and all of a sudden the world opens up to you as to what's available,
because you're not controlled by the system anymore.
But anyway, that's how far off the rails I've gone.
Yeah, far off the rails is so some people might say it.
For me, it really feels like what I characterized at the beginning of the show,
which is you are farther along than I am.
And when I hear you so succinctly say it, I love this.
I'm going to adopt this idea and not adopt it, but start to teach it in this way,
that their incentivized standards of care have existed inside of the system for a long time.
And now if you see COVID through that lens and how much behavior can be controlled
with that one little knob, it's pretty impressive.
And and it's an interesting, you know, there are lots of parents, I believe,
who might look at their their pregnancies differently,
might look at their doctor experiences differently if if they heard this in the correct way.
I mean, it was a little shocking for me.
Still, I'll be very honest and I'm going to let you talk again when you said it,
even in this interview, where we like they're out to kill us.
It's it's a really hard thing for everyone to say, and he or said,
and I have not actually been saying that,
arguing that they don't necessarily need to kill us,
but just not take care of our well-being at all.
But from the perspective of of
I want to get back and keep focused on Grace's story.
So how how can we see clearly what they did to people in COVID through Grace's lens?
How can we, I mean, because obviously we want to use the word murder when it's murder and and and and so.
So what happened after Grace died, so her last day on Earth was October 13th of 2021.
And I went into a different hospital three days later.
This really helped me, you know, God had a way of orchestrating circumstances so that
you you get you can see things through a different lens.
And I'm going to I want to go through that circumstance and I want to go through a circumstance that happened in 1968.
And then we're going to peel Grace's hospital stay back a little bit.
So so Grace died October 13th. I went into a hospital October 16th.
That hospital turned me around in 24 hours and they did it because first of all their attitude was different.
But second of all, they did what was promised to Grace.
So when I agreed to check Grace into the hospital, the Grace was fine.
She just had a cold, but the COVID scyop had gotten into my head and the fear took over.
And because her oxygen dropped to 88 percent on October 6th, well, you know, this is an emergency.
The FLCCC protocol said if your oxygen drops below 94 percent, it makes yourself to the hospital.
So I mean, I just saw it as my my duty as a dad did, but it was ultimately fear that was controlling me.
And I had to repent of that. Ultimately, though, you know, why did I stop?
Sorry. Did you just say that the FLCCC protocol said something about oxygen levels?
Yes. Yep. I have that document yet if you want to see it.
Yeah. So it said specifically, and I can screen share it if you want to take me just a second to find it.
Oh, maybe maybe five seconds. Don't hold me literally to a second.
Okay. I'll go ahead and go ahead and give you the permissions right now. Yes.
All right. Let me find it done.
I don't want to interrupt, Jim. So if you've got to, you know, if you've got a train of thought
going, please just go and I wrote it down. I can ask again. Yeah. Too late.
I think that's extraordinary to me because 94 doesn't even sound that low.
That's going to drive a lot of people into the hospital.
Exactly. No, that's, that's right.
Holy man. That's that. This is not what I expected to get immediately.
We can find it later. Don't worry. Okay. Yep. I've got I've got it here.
All right. So I'm going to do a screen share quick.
All right. Oh my gosh. Here we go. Scott says.
Yeah. So I don't like to go off half cock. There it is. Oh my gosh.
Baseliner ambulatory desaturation less than 94% should be prompt hospital admission.
Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Yeah. So this was, this was, this is serious stuff.
And what I, I've been sharing with people. I did a, I did a mono cast on it that the parallel
system is a false prophet. Oh man. Do that is sir. I just, I can't say how important that is.
That, that is really important. And I know you know how important it is. But again,
you're farther down this road. That's huge. Okay. Go ahead, please.
Sorry. Well, this parallel, this is the parallel system is designed to be a false prophet.
And this is where, you know, I told you off camera that I'm putting together this series
about the false prophet, the false prophet system. And you know, that's what I'm working on now. But
anyway, now we got off on the tangent. So grace. Okay. So now God gave me, God puts me in this
different hospital and you can't make this up. So now I thought I was going to die on October 16th.
I talked with my right hand guy in the business. I talked with my daughter Jess.
I thought I thought October 16th was going to be my last day. Well, now the next day I
survived the night I was down into the 70 percentile and oxygen overnight. And the nurse
came in the next day and she has a, I mean, you've seen these little pill cups. I'll just give it,
you know, you know, they have this little cup like something like that and they have pills in it.
So she says to me, I want to go through the pill regimen with you. So you know, I'm, I'm,
of course, very skeptical of everything. My daughter just died three days earlier. And so I said,
what do you have in there? And she said, I have a probiotic, a multivitamin, vitamin C, vitamin D
and fish oil. I said, you're shitting me. You guys don't believe in that stuff. And she said,
what we do here and her attitude was fantastic. So then, you know, we get talking and, you know,
the day I'm starting to improve and, you know, they gave me a budessonite treatment.
That's the, that's the inhalable thing, right? Yes, it was fantastic. Also, I mean, I, I started
turning around. I was turned around in 24 hours. Well, now it's time. Okay, I'm going to be there
for a few days and they've got all these leads on me. I said, yeah, I want to take a shower.
And you'll love this. I want to take a shower. And I said, what do I do with all these leads?
And she said, well, you can tear them off or I can tear them off. And I said, well, I'm kind
of hairy. So I mean, if you wouldn't mind just ripping them off, you know, it's one of those
things you don't want to tear them off. And so she starts doing that. And she said, you know,
if you would have, if you would have called ahead, we have free waxing.
And she would just, she would just joke. She was just jousting with me. That was her sense of
humor. Yeah, I see. Wow. And it was, it was just, it was a hospital stay the way that you would
envision it. Yes, I see. They cared about me. They listened to me. When I, you know, I had to,
you know, now I realized I'm going to make it. They want to keep me longer. I said, listen,
I got to check out, you know, we got to, my daughter died in, you know, so they worked with me to
get me home earlier than what they wanted. Everything, just the way I didn't have to argue with them
once. There was no arguments. In Grace's stay, you know, there, the argument started early on,
where I started challenging things. So for example, so Grace's, you know, first
folding in the hospital was October 7th. On October 9th, I started feeding Grace and the nurse came
running in and said, you can't do that. I said, what's the reason? She said, well, her oxygen
level is only at 85%. I said, well, I processed that. I didn't say anything right away. But I
thought, okay, yeah, I mean, the oxygen is important, right? So then I put on, I had a pulse ox in the
room. And because I had everything for me to get COVID in Grace's room. So I put the finger meter
on Grace and I read 95%. So I called the nurse back in. And I said, is my finger meter accurate?
She said, yes, it is. I said, well, why is my meter reading 95% and yours is reading 85%?
And she said, well, because the leads get sweaty. I said, well, if you know that,
why aren't you proactively changing out the leads? Given this is the primary tool you're using to
manage my daughter's care. And then she shook her finger at me and said, you should just be
thankful you caught this. So this adversarial relationship was like this in the hospital,
ultimately, on the morning of October 10, I had demanded a meeting with the
attending physician. But instead of meeting with me, he sent in the head nurse with an armed guard
in it. And I was taken out by an armed guard the morning of October 10. Well, then as we go
further into the state, now we hired an attorney to get my daughter Jessica in as a replacement
advocate. My wife Cindy couldn't do it because she was really sick. So Jessica's now we had 47
hours without advocacy during that 47 hours, they sedated Grace instead of taking care of her.
So when it comes to Grace's last day, what happened is that we turned the page to her last day of the
doctor called Cindy and I in the morning about little after 10 o'clock. We're talking to him
on the phone and the purpose of his call was to follow up on a call he had with us the night before.
And what he wanted to do was convince us to give the hospital a preauthorization for a ventilator.
And I had already researched ventilators. I became wise to ventilators during Grace's
hospital stay. So we already knew no ventilators. So we say no to the ventilator. This is the fifth
request. So we said no. And yeah, my suspicion is he knew we were going to say no because of our
prior history and they put plan B in place right away. So he switched gears as soon as we said no
and said, well, Grace said such a good day yesterday. Let's work on nutrition. And let's get her out of
bed so that she can be home in the next three or four days. Well, you know, getting her out of bed
is a key thing because before he even got on the phone call with us, Jonathan, he had strapped
Grace down to the bed and made her defecate in the bed. So he was lying. Then while we were on the
phone call with him, he increased the dose of the sedation med presidex to the maximum allowable
dose while he's telling us Grace said such a good day. Let's get her out of bed. All this positive
stuff. Let's get up. He convinced us to do a feeding tube, but he maxed out the dose of the
sedation med while we're on the phone and then simultaneous with hanging up the phone, he put
an illegal do not resuscitate order on her chart. My suspicion is he thought the presidex was going
to kill Grace because the 1048 max dose presidex 1056 that day eight minutes later, the DNR order.
Well, then it didn't kill Grace. And what they ended up doing the short story is they combined,
then they added Lorazepam and morphine to the mix, which that med combination is what you use
to euthanize somebody in their last hour of life in hospice care. And they combined those meds in
a 29 minute window. And after they gave Grace that combination, she was dead an hour and 13
minutes later, an hour and 12 minutes later. And you know, when it came time to revive Grace,
if you read the the morphine package insert, you would see that those meds are contraindicated.
They're supposed to keep the reversal drug bedside and monitor the patient. Well, they had no intention
of doing that. And so once they gave Grace morphine, no doctor or nurse step foot in the room. Jessica
was in the room. She felt Grace get cold. The the 20 year ICU nurse said to Jess from outside the
room, she wouldn't even come in the room. That's normal. Just cover with a blanket. And when Grace's
number started to tank, she Jessica called Cindy and I at 718. They gave the final dose was given
to Grace at 615 at 718. An hour and three minutes later, Jessica's seeing these numbers tank and
she called us on a FaceTime call panicking. And she said, dad, Grace's numbers are dropping
like crazy. I said, get the nurses in. But we're clueless. And she said, dad, I've been trying.
They won't come in. So we started screaming, save our daughter. And this is when we learned
she's DNR because from outside the room with a guard outside the room, they haul her back.
She's DNR. And we hollered. She's not DNR. Save our daughter. And they refused. Nobody would come
in the room. And we watched her die on that FaceTime call at 727 on October 13th. Even that, Jonathan,
I thought, you know, strangely, I mean, now when I see it, it's so obvious. But I thought it was an
accident. So after I got out of the hospital, a doctor that my wife and I know, she said, Scott,
you better get the records because something, I think something nefarious happened. So I got
the records and as God would have it, we had all the records to evaluate Grace's story four days
later. So on November 4th, we had all the records. So the doctor and I sat down, we went through the
records, we spent about 100 hours, we put everything together. And then I sent it to the hospital via
patient relations on November 8th and requested a meeting with the CEO of the hospital and the
doctor, figuring they would want to know what they did so that history doesn't repeat itself.
On November 2nd, they sent a an email back said, we're not going to meet with you.
And that started the process of waking up. Ultimately, I didn't conclude that Grace was murdered until
April the following year. So April of 22, a pharmacist whistleblower came forward.
We had done billboards and our billboards got national attention and she saw them via Gateway
Pundit. And she called me and she said, I'm a nurse or I'm a pharmacist. And you know, what's
happening here, Scott, is that she said, I'm thinking about quitting and becoming a whistleblower
because what's going on is these med combinations, like they gave Grace, this is what they're doing
all the time. But I won't sign off on them. She said, Scott, the process is the doctor orders the
meds. The pharmacist has to sign off. Then because the meds are contraindicated and alarm has to be
overridden. And in Grace's case, a 20 year ICU nurse is the one who gave her the meds. So that
four step combination got me on that phone call with this pharmacist got me to realize, oh my gosh,
Grace was murdered. And that's when I really got into it. Can I clarify this again? Are you saying
because I used to be a pharmacy technician at a hospital in Chicago for a year I worked in the
operating room, I used to put scrubs on, I used to carry bags of stuff that I loaded for the
operating room back to the operating rooms, hand them off to anesthesiologists. Are you saying that
in the computer system itself, there should have been a red flag that they had to actually manually
tick over? That's what she told me. Yes. That the because the meds are contraindicated. So that's
the day when I realized Grace was murdered. And you know, now I've, you know, I've been researching,
you know, either, you know, the lawsuit research and podcasts, you know, you know, 75 to 90
hours a week. Well, you're just to finish what she told me, she said, Scott, I won't sign these
orders like they did on Grace. So what they do to get around me is they wait until my shift is over.
And the next pharmacist who comes on, they don't have the same conscience as I do. So they will
sign sign the order. And so any she ended up leaving and became a whistleblower. After that
conversation that, you know, I encourage her just, you know, you got to speak out. And the only way
you you you got to you can't just keep this close to the vast, you got to tell the world what's going
on. And she she's gotten out and there's been she's been speaking out and a lot lower level,
but I mean, she's still speaking out, which is what I think doctors and nurses should be doing.
The ones that are awake. Do you have a list anywhere of some of these
combinations that you guys have identified that are that are useful in this manner in an
awful way to say it? Well, the one I'm going to do another screen share with you, this will
really blow your mind. Sure. But the you know, the med combination with Grace was Precidex,
Lorazepam and morphine. The other med combination is
Medazzalam, Medazzalam, fentanyl and Verconium bromide. And I'm going to show you something
that's way worse than what I showed you with FLCCC. What was the last one?
You said fentanyl, fentanyl, fentanyl, fentanyl, but Dazzalam and Verconium bromide.
So give me just a moment. Sure. Sure, please. You got all the time in the universe, my friend.
Except the people are being killed on a daily basis. So we should try and right. Well,
that's why, you know, that's why we keep speaking all of this because.
Wow.
It's crazy because Medazzalam is a very well used, well known, they know what that stuff does.
It's not any, it's not any surprise. All right, so I'm going to screen share here. Go ahead.
Okay. So what, what's happening here? I'm going to show you first. This is from,
so this is a Down syndrome lady in Connecticut. Her mom reached out to me and she was showing me
this is her medical record. All right. So you see, they were giving, they gave her
Medazzalam, fentanyl, and Verconium bromide. You see these, they're, they're listed and, you know,
what's, what's strange is not that they gave her these. It's just what, what's the impetus behind
it? I want to show you one other thing here if it's on here. Yes. Okay. So you see this, this $22,000
dose for taxa, listen, man, that's a monoclonal antibody, right? For what? No, it's not. It's a,
it's a pathway drug that's supposed to open up pathways. It's not a monoclonal antibody. And
what? I bet it is. I bet it is. Hold on. Let me think it is. Okay. You would know better than me.
Go ahead. That last ending there, MAB is usually a monoclonal antibody. There's no reason why they
couldn't use an antibody to do what you just described. It could easily be an activator of
receptors or anything like that. Yeah. So this is supposed to open up, you know, your pathways
to prevent a cytokine storm. You know, we learned that this, that really isn't designed. It only
opens up one pathway in our research. And the reason I went into that research is because
the COVID expert on the floor was really pushing this taxa, listen, MAB. And I researched taxa,
listen, MAB in Grace's room. And I saw the study showed from the New England Journal of Medicine
that the placebo group did better than the drug group. Anyway, it's a monoclonal antibody.
It is. It's something that they give to severely people with a lot of bad
rheumatoid arthritis, apparently. Well, what's interesting about it as I dug into the public health
emergency, you know, which facilitated the FDA putting together emergency use authorization drugs.
This was one of the approved drugs. Really? Wow. So then I connected the dots as to why they
were trying to put pressure on me to give this drug to Grace when I saw this lady's records,
because one, you know, they gave her this one dose on November 19 and it was $22,000.
Oh, yeah, here it says right here. It's also used to treat coronavirus disease and hospitalized
patients who are receiving systemic cortical steroids and requiring supplemental oxygen
mechanical ventilation. But they don't really explain why. I guess it decreases this cytokine
release syndrome. I don't know. That sounds scary to me. That was the theory that they were trying
to tell me. But it's, it's, you know, my research showed that the motivation was the financial
motivation. All right. So now what I have on the screen, you'll see, I want to stop you there
just because I think you should hear this. If you're not aware, the intellectual property
space of monoclonal antibodies changed at the start of the pandemic because of something that
the Supreme Court ruled on. And so basically all the value that was thought to be held by
monoclonal antibody patents basically vanished because they, the Supreme Court acknowledged that
monoclonal antibody patents are based on biology that's not really as, as well developed as they
claimed. And there's this cookie cutter thing that was happening for the last 10 years where they
were just writing the patents all the same and saying that they had a new product. And so it
could very easily be that they were sneaking this under the, under the gun where they're still
charging full price for something that they knew at the end of the pandemic. By the time it was
over, they wouldn't be able to charge a dime for it. It's extraordinary, dude. Wow.
Makes total sense to me. Wow. Well, this one. So what happened here is this lady's mom
glued me in on this. She said, Scott, there was a push by a group of doctors to get
and I'll show you the letter here. So I cut the letter down so it can be all on one screen. So
you see these doctors, they wrote a letter to, there's X number of states, I don't remember,
13 states that end life on death row by lethal injections. So these doctors wrote this letter
to the states headed by Joel Zivat. And it says your states are currently holding for use in lethal
injection execution. We need these drugs. We desperately need these drugs to treat COVID-19.
All right. So what's interesting is so this letter was written April 6th of 2020. That is
I found a news report. I was shocked because I thought, well, how come this wasn't reported?
So this lady, Rebecca Pryor had done, it actually went on, she would have this on short television
blurb. But you can see that she reported on this letter that these doctors wrote on April 14th
of 2020, that they're asking the states that allow the death penalty to donate certain lethal
injection drugs because they need them for COVID. I can't even believe it. I mean,
I'm just, I'm seeing it, but I'm not, I just, it's hard to really, people didn't see this,
didn't hear it. Well, I mean, what was the anything that's truth doesn't ever get out into the mainstream,
right? So I mean, you'd have to really dig for this stuff. I looked this up the other day for
somebody else and her story is still live on the link that I have, but I screenshot it because I
wanted it to so I could use it permanently. Interestingly, this guy Joel Zivet, how he figured out
this med combination for killing is he went and observed somebody dying by lethal injection.
And you see the title, he wrote an article in 2014, he says, the white coat of veil for state
killing. And this was, so I mean, that could be a COVID article, right? But he wrote this article
because he was so offended by how the the states were killing people with these drugs that he just
thought that this was wrong. And then he ends up, he ends up being the lead author on this letter
requesting the lethal injection drugs to be used for treating COVID. I mean, this is insane stuff.
I mean, I don't know how to out a process that any other way that in 2014, he was already acting
on behalf of the state somehow to put up some kind of fake opposition to the killing of people. I mean,
Well, it makes total sense in, you know, in how you and I start viewing the world,
which, you know, I'd certainly encourage other people to view the world that way. And, you know,
I haven't had a couple of things that were on my mind, you know, knowing that you're going to have
me on and how you and I, we think differently, right? We think differently than the average bear,
which, you know, it's it's a blessing and a curse, but I happen to think it's a blessing because you
can see things a different way. It's a curse when you watch movies because you can't watch a movie
and enjoy it anymore, right? But anyway, you know, so now, you know, I look at COVID, the whole
scyop of COVID, you know, I think that this whole thing is designed, especially now that I see it.
Actually, let me just share with you first something that will maybe set this conversation up better.
So, I mean, fifth generation warfare is propaganda. Okay, so I just started, you know, when I'm
working on this bigger false profit thing, and so I've been processing this further and I call
and now I'm calling this I don't I haven't heard anybody call it yet. So you're going to hear
for the first thing, thick generation warfare. So what I'm calling sixth generation warfare is
things like it. So here's the hypothetical question. Was the power grid set up? Do they
realize? Oh my gosh, we can we can shut down people's power. Let's use this to accomplish a goal.
Or did they set up the power grid with this goal in mind? Which one? Which one came first,
the chicken and egg? So I'm, you know, so that would apply to not just the power grid, but the,
you know, the water supply, the internet was all of this stuff set up with the idea that that's how
they're going to control us. Or did they realize after it's set up, they can control us with it?
Well, I think it was set up with the idea of controlling us all these things.
I'm processing and I love it. And I want to I want to this this this idea.
Example came to my head and I wonder if you think it might be connected to this and I'm sure you're
going to say yes. So I accidentally got trapped in Texas a couple years ago when they had this
freak storm and they lost power and all these places. Well, interestingly enough, in the context
of who I was hanging out with and I won't give you details because I don't want to out anybody
that doesn't like me. In the context of the people that I was hanging out with, there was one person
that had cell phone coverage all the time. And the reason why is because there is a network of
important people that have their cell phone tower access isn't cut off during an emergency.
And this dedicated network is accessible by it would make sense police and and EMS and fire and
this kind of thing. But there are also business people and members of corporations and and that
are also included in this network. It's a it's a in my mind when this happened. And I was like,
how are you still calling? Well, because I got this special phone or I have this special,
it was a special SIM card. I was like, so wait a minute, like that means that there are whole
people that think that there is a crisis going on, that nobody has cell phone when in reality,
there are people who are above it. Isn't that true then? And she said, yes. So if it can happen on
a very local scale in Texas, imagine what could be done with a network shutdown in America where
certain people still had full access. Yeah, it's it's extraordinary proposition. And it's not a,
I don't think it's a conspiracy theory at all, even if you disguised it as redundancy or disguised
it as some kind of, you know, national security thing where we have nodes and these nodes are
connected in a certain way. Okay, anyway, I interrupted you, go ahead, go. No, I think that's I think
that's right on. So when you look at, so you know, you and I would agree that COVID by itself is a
SIAP. And yet the country is still focused on everything is either there's two things they're
focused on, right? COVID COVID COVID and Trump Trump Trump. All right, so those two things have,
you know, probably 99% of the people off track as to what's really going on. So was COVID
set up specifically, when you start, I mean, these people who have bought into COVID, I mean,
they are so locked into it, you know, the, you know, they had to, you know, it wasn't accident,
you know, that's the real theme that they want to promote, that it was an accident. And you know,
the layers of deception here. But if COVID was really done to take our eyes off of what they're
really doing, it makes total sense. You know, it's it's the esoteric magician. So exoterically,
so exoterically, what we can all see is we see, okay, something happened with COVID,
we can say, okay, that was a SIAP. But what's really going on? What is what is really the goal? And
so for example, if I look at what when you start looking at all the articles, like I sent you one
from Steve Kersch. So I see that and I see, okay, well, this is a setup. You know, why do I say
it's a setup? Because it's still talking about, you know, the uniqueness of the COVID vaccine
versus all vaccines, you know, in multiple layers in that situation. But ultimately, it frames it
that if this is about COVID, now it's about a mistake. And their agenda is so big. I watched
you and I talked about this on the phone when we first met, I told you I watched the documentary
shot dead. And that's about vaccine deaths. And I thought it was well done. And we just got done,
my wife and I get done, I said, Pfizer is going to be a sacrifice. And so that's what I saw through
that. So you know, how would they bring down somebody as big as Pfizer? Well, it would be on
purpose. Why? Because you know, people are waking up that we can't have any faith in our government.
Well, we can't have that. So if our government brings down Pfizer, look, I mean, they get a
gold star again, where they're back in our good graces, people have short term memory. They don't
realize this is a whole scheme. Anyway, no, and you know, there are a couple things that you's
mentioned that I just recently picked up on from another thread. And so I want to compliment you
on that. The one that you said was, it's like a, it's like a magician stage trick. And one of
the things that we are very, I think I've only become recently aware of is that by sending us home
and putting us behind our screens, we have essentially been sat down in the audience of a
performance where what we see in here is highly controlled and even the angle that we see it from
is highly controlled. We can just change our position in the in the world, we would be able
to see it. But because they started and put us in front of this screen, they were able to perform
a magician's trick where where we think we're paying attention to the things that we're supposed
to be paying attention to and somehow we're still fooled. And so your reference to that particular
sort of set of tricks is really important because it's a little bit more than propaganda. We were
set up to have this, this trick played on us. And so it's, it's a little, I think I always say,
at least I'm drawn back to saying that we've got to have a lot of sympathy and, and, and empathy
for the people that are still trapped simply because the trap is so diabolical. I mean, it's a, it's a,
it's a, it's a wonderful, it's a wonderfully deadly sort of, I mean, I don't know how to express it
adequately enough to say how even when you get to where I am, you still have someone like Scott to
catch up to and Scott is still peeling back the layers himself. Oh my gosh. Yeah, I don't, I don't
know that I have 20% of it. But yeah, I can summarize this idea. I think in there's a, a few other
people who have, who have helped me, you know, they, they're ahead of me that I've learned from,
which is really, really great. And I don't know who the one that, so this, this phrase I'm going
to tell you next is from somebody else. I can't tell you who right now because I don't remember.
But they laid this out. I thought it was the best way to say it because there is a, there is a
movement right now that is maybe the, so I, I've looked at the, the top three sciops that I've
been involved in. So I look at number three is JFK is murder. Number two is COVID and number one
is the American dream. So the American dream sciop is really based on the idea that we can
become our own gods. You know, weed knowledge is power. And you know, so that becomes this
thing. And you know, we, we are chasing this dream, you know, 2.1 kids, 1.7 dogs, no cats.
You know, retire when you're 50 and drink beer on the front porch. That whole sciop that we've
bought into our, our government's there to protect us. You know, all these things, you know, it's,
it's really all a lie. But take a step back. When you start seeing, you know, the article that,
that I read this a couple of months ago, it's called Stop World Control. And it's from a group
called Stop World Control. And that was happened to be the title of the article also. Anyway,
that's what motivated me to do the false prophet podcast that I'm working on now,
the monocast, I should say, it's going to be a three part series introduction, then a body
and a conclusion. Anyway, the, the introduction. So in this article, it said that Tucker Carlson,
Elon Musk, and Joe Rogan all brought Alex Jones on their program to share red pills with the world,
that if we can just wake up the world as to what's going on, let's, let's pull back the curtain,
let's show the world what's going on, we can all resist this. Okay, as soon as I saw that,
I've been working on the idea of Revelation 13, that Satan's two halves, he's got an evil half,
the Antichrist system and a less evil half, the false prophet system, they're both laid out in
Revelation 13, it's a great chapter, you can see it both with your eyes, you see, oh my gosh,
Satan's dualistic nature, he gives us the illusion of choice with this dualistic nature. And then
I heard this phrase. And so the build up to this is all to this phrase. And so the, the
satanic plan to take down the cabal, or excuse me, the plan to take down the satanic cabal
was written by the cabal. Have you heard that before, John? Only from you.
Okay. Well, it's not, I didn't come up with it, but it makes total sense, right? The plan to take
down the satanic cabal, everybody would agree that the cabal is satanic, right? That's easy to prove.
But the plan to take it down was written by the cabal itself. That's, that's Satan's dualistic
nature. He has that much power. God said, Jesus said, Satan is the prince of this world.
And it's not a joke. I mean, Satan offered the world to Jesus. So Jesus didn't deny that Satan
has control of the world. He's got control of it all. That's how elaborate the scheme is.
So this presidential election, just to drill it down to the, you know, now, you know, the last two
elections I voted for Trump. And you know, I didn't think Trump was some great savior,
but I just thought, you know, we surely can't have Clinton in. So I voted for Trump as an
anti-Clinton vote. And then all of a sudden by Biden, yeah, of course, we got him. You know,
so I voted for Trump twice. Now I see Trump is in on it. And I will not vote in this election,
because I see it as the, you know, so you look at COVID as a tool to get our focus off
what's really happening. And so is the election cycle in the United States.
It's all to get us. It's the magician. I'm not going to participate in that system anymore, period.
I don't, I'm just still pondering it because I don't, I don't, I don't,
I don't have a good argument for that. Well, they've got us convinced through the American
dream that it's our civic duty to vote. And if you don't vote, you don't have a voice and all,
it's all a bunch of crap. They're all in on it. Yeah.
Look at the, you and I talked about this before, also when we talked the movie Sound of Freedom,
you know, everybody's cheering. Now this is a great movie. You know, it's exposing child trafficking.
Well, the reality is it's the agenda is substantially deeper than child trafficking,
because they didn't expose the trafficking of organs. They didn't expose the sacrificing
of child children for a satanic worship. None of that. Okay. And the close of the film, I thought
the film was well done. But the close of the film was the hook. And the hook was they had,
they had the individual that the film was based on. They showed his testimony in front of Congress
in that Congress, we're going to be patting legislation, we're going to crack down on this.
Well, my gosh, Congress is in on it. You know, so this is all, you know, this, this, you know,
this Truman show idea that we're participating in, you know, it's, it's called the matrix. And
I think that's a good term for it. But what we've got to get, we got to get out of that game.
And the only way to get out of it is to see this as a spiritual agenda and COVID done in a spiritual
agenda, what, you know, when you start looking at things through the lens of what does God think
of all of this? That's the only way to get out of the game is to stop participating. I mean,
God's command to us is even though that you're in the world, don't be of the world. So the world
is the matrix. Don't be in that, you know, that you don't have to participate.
And, you know, ultimately, I see, you know, we've had God's shown his judgment in history.
And I think he's judging again right now. And he's begging us through COVID as a wake up call,
you know, God, of course, allowed nothing happens without God's authority. And so did was God aware
of COVID? Well, of course, did God allow COVID? Of course. So he's totally aware of it. So what,
what I see it through that lens and I think it's a COVID was a call to repentance. You know, this whole
business that, you know, the false prophet side, I would say the biggest group involved with the
false prophet side, you'll hear them say the great awakening, we're going to have a great
awakening. And, you know, so they think that by waking the world up through what's behind the
curtain, you know, we're, we're going to solve it. But it's just the other side of the satanic
coin because it does that wake up doesn't rely on God.
I don't know what to say. I mean, thank you for coming on my show and saying this stuff that I
probably really need to hear. Well, I mean, it's, I'm not, I am no genius. You know, God has given
me this stuff. And how it started, Jonathan was, you know, Vera, I mean, you know, Vera,
she's a friend of both of ours. Well, she really got me started on this because when I was studying
the Holocaust, I started studying the Holocaust in July of 22. And that's when I was turned on to
this term Hegelian dialectic, which I had never heard before. So I started digging into that and
then God showed me, don't use grace's case to expose evil. Because that fits into Satan's playbook.
He has to have the evil exposed. Okay, why? So you think, well, that's crazy. Well, no, it's not. If
you look at this esoterically, it's masterful, the Hegelian dialectic play. So you have a problem
reaction solution problem evil is exposed reaction chaos solution false profit order out of chaos.
So he has to have the evil exposed in order to play the other side of the coin. And so that's why,
you know, I want people to see this as a spiritual agenda. What can we do then once you realize it's
a spiritual agenda is you can repent. And then, you know, we have an obligation once you repent,
you know, did your bonhopper. I think he showed the obligation fantastically. And you know, his
famous words were to not speak as to speak and to not act as to act. And so we all can take action
once we repent. I mean, you see what my action is. I mean, I'm, I'm researching lawsuit.
Yeah, I'm outspoken. Yeah, I just want to, I'll get on any program somebody invites me to.
But I mean, you got to get there through,
you know, two actions look the same, but the heart is different. You got to get there through
repentance. You know, in my specific case, I mean, I had to, you know, my, my fear is what caused my
daughter's death. You know, that's independent of what the doctors did. Okay, so it's two different
things. They have to be held to account. But I mean, first, I had to be held to account. And
if I would not have had the fear, grace would be alive today. Well, then, you know, you start
looking at, oh my gosh, how much have I participated in this matrix idea? You know, way too much. You
know, those are, you know, the American dream. I mean, I was, I chased the American dream most
of my life. I mean, I wasted tons of hours chasing money instead of what I should have been chasing.
I wasted 20 years of my life chasing grants and and
crazy ideas, not that I wasn't pursuing it for good cause or good reason, but I got trapped in a
wrap rate, wrap race of my own two and, you know, I don't know, it's just a very, it's a very,
this is what I do a lot and I didn't realize to see it the way that you're saying it. But
I've been, I've been apologizing a lot on my stream lately for how long I bought into this
and how long I was talking about a lab leak and stuff, which created that fear and spread that
idea around and got a lot of people on board, even if they only saw me once. And so I do have a
lot to be ashamed of and a lot to repent for. And it's a, it's an ongoing thing that I'm wrestling
with. And I don't want this to be about me, but you really have made me have a moment here. And
it's a very humbling moment to to have over and over again through this whole thing for years now.
And it still doesn't stop. Well, I think that's fantastic. I mean, I don't think it's meant to stop.
I mean, God gives us, you know, I read a book one time you'll appreciate this because
you know, from God's way of letting us know when we sin, what's the, what's the reward for repenting
for sin? He exposes another one to us. So it's, it's an ongoing process. You know, what I see.
Yeah, I was originally saw your work on, you know, the Scooby-Doo, how, you know, these layers,
this was, oh my gosh, this was going on two years ago, I think I thought, wow, this guy is
brilliant. And I just enjoyed that, that thought process. And now as I expand it out of COVID and
I start seeing, oh my gosh, I mean, this, this whole, I, you know, I'm not a, I'm not a biologist
or a chemist or, you know, I don't have any qualifications. But I wonder, you know, when I start seeing
people proposing that there's never been a virus. And I think, I think that's true. I don't know,
I have any basis, you know, but it makes total sense. Because what did they do with every virus?
They have a vaccine that's related to the virus. And you know, when you see no vaccine has ever
been tested. And then in 1986, we have Ronald Reagan, who, you know, everybody's duped by Ronald
Reagan signing. But then he signs the worst legislation you could ever have. Well, it makes
total sense. They have to have a bogeyman. So these viruses are the bogeyman. So then they can,
they can vaccinate us. I, I found a clip from 1936 that was the doctor said he's never seen
anybody. So this was back when I would think the majority of people didn't have any vaccinations.
But he said, I never had a patient have cancer who was unvaccinated. And now my wife just sent me
right before you, you and I got on, she just sent me a, which was predictable. Now they have a vaccine
for cancer. Yeah, because this vaccine agenda is, I mean, it's not the whole agenda, but it's a big
piece of the agenda. And they have to create a bogeyman. So anyway, I don't know, I mean,
I'm having a real, it's just to really been such a privilege to discuss this with you, because I
do think you twice now in two weeks, you really challenged me to, to think a little further on this
and see the the spiritual side of it. And it's, you know, I guess I've been kind of hiding behind
the fact that, that for me, the, the biology is enough to convince me that they're lying. But
maybe I've even been a little bit hiding behind the fact that this is deeper than that, that the
biology is just the very beginning of how, yeah, I don't know, I guess, for me, I guess the best
way to just say it succinctly for me is that biology is the way that I came to appreciate God
as manifest instead of something that was in a book or that people talked about. And I felt like
my pursuit of biology for my life, even from when I was a kid was trying to appreciate exactly how
amazing what we've been given is and being able to see the evidence of God in the yard was something
that I guess my grandma and I could see already when I was a kid. And I don't know, I just, I feel
like there's a reason why our paths crossed right now and and the message that you have and the
the challenge that you can present to me as a as a fellow follower of Christ is something very
impressive. I'm really moved by the fact that you joined me today. I didn't expect to be this way.
And I, again, I just, I can't tell my viewers enough how it's important to know who Scott is,
what Scott's story is, what Grace's story is, and how it is a just a tiny, tiny example
of like a window, like a little tiny people in a door that you can look through and start to get
a idea of what has been kept from us as we've been put inside of our house. It's just a little
tiny people of what you can see through Scott is so important. And I knew that when I met him and
I know it even better now. Is there something still that we need to cover yet? Or is this a
good place to kind of wrap it? And you can come on as many times as you want. I think it's a great
place to end. When is your when do you know when your three part thing is going to be done?
Or I'm going to record the first part next week on Monday. And then I've got two speaking
engagements next week that I'm going to be out of town for for five days. So then,
you know, I've got to get the balance scheduled yet. So I just scheduled with the producer,
the introduction to it. So I don't, you know, I don't know exactly what to call it yet,
you know, if it's going to be the false profit agenda or the matrix revealed.
Our amazing grace dot net, right? Yes. Our amazing grace dot net is the,
is the website. Please do all you can to share Scott's work, share this stream, share my
appearance on his stream last time. It seems to have hit some some good chords with people. So
maybe that's another good one to share. Scott, again, thank you so much for being on my show and
sharing your story and Grace's story with us and your your insight into where we need to be.
I just, yeah, I'm so happy that there's somebody like you out there and I hope I hope we can stay
in touch. Well, I plan on staying in touch. You've become, you know, very quickly, you've become
a friend and it's amazing to me. I mean, I just, you know, when we first talked on the phone a few
weeks ago, I thought, wow, this guy gets it. You know, it's so hard to have conversations like that,
but I really appreciate you very much. So thanks for having me. You're very welcome, Scott. I'll see you
again soon. All right, bye bye.
You're gonna move my mouse up here. See you later, Scott. Thank you. So, ladies and gentlemen,
that was, well, what do you want me to say? I needed that. I needed to meet Scott. I don't
know why it happened now, but it did. And it is humbling like getting a boulder landed on your head
when somebody shows you your faith on a new angle. And I think you've all been very aware of how
much I tried to let the biology be the forward facing part of this. But at the heart of this show
is a little kid, biologist, altar boy, recovering Catholic, whatever you want to call me. And you
can't get the God out of a kid anymore. And so the best way for me to have always processed this
is prayer. And I don't always say that on my stream, but Scott will bring it out in you
because you can see it in him. Thank you very much for joining me. I don't think I'll be on later
tonight, but I will be on tomorrow. Thanks very much. I'll see you again soon.